Remove outdated Foundations content (#4408)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/country-symbol/examples.mdx

## Size

> You can change the size of each country symbol using the `size` property which acts as a multiplier for the base size, as described in the [country symbol foundation](/salt/foundations/countrysymbol). The base size of the country symbol is based on the active density as described in the [size foundation](/salt/foundations/size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the size of each country symbol using the `size` property which acts as a multiplier for the base size, as described in the [country symbol foundation](salt/foundations/iconography/country-symbols). The base size of the country symbol is based on the active density as described in the [size foundation](/salt/foundations/size).
```

> You can change the size of each country symbol using the `size` property which acts as a multiplier for the base size, as described in the [country symbol foundation](salt/foundations/iconography/country-symbols). The base size of the country symbol is based on the active density as described in the [size foundation](/salt/foundations/size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the size of each country symbol using the `size` property which acts as a multiplier for the base size, as described in the [country symbol foundation](/salt/foundations/iconography/country-symbols). The base size of the country symbol is based on the active density as described in the [size foundation](/salt/foundations/size).
```
